fix: describe full behavior of the branch keyword in conversations (#128)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/WritingConversations.md

The `branch` keyword is followed by one or two label names. The first is the label to jump to if the subsequent conditions are all true. The second is the one to jump to if any of the conditions are false. If no second label is supplied, the "false" branch simply continues to the next entry in the conversation.

> If the label name is an endpoint, the conversation ends instead of jumping to the label. The corresponding effects for the endpoint are applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint name can be used in place of a label name, in which case, the conversation ends instead of jumping to the label. The corresponding effects for the endpoint are applied. This also means that it is impossible for a `branch` node to branch to a label whose name matches an endpoint.
```
I think this is clearer; you don't need to create a label somewhere with the name of an endpoint.
